I'm thrilled to announce the launch of Prescripto a Complete #MERNSTACKPROJECT Doctor Appointment booking System website using Tailwind CSS, React JS, MongoDB, Express, Node JS. Created the Frontend website , Admin Panel and Backend Server. #FUllStackDevelopment. this full stack Appointment Booking System can be used by a doctor or a hospital. Because in this project we have created 3 level of authentication. 1st one is for Patients, so that patient can login on the website, book appointment with doctor and manage the booked appointment. 2nd one is doctor login, so that doctor can login and check the appointment and their earnings. Doctor can update their profile also from dashboard. 3rd one is Admin Dashboard where admin can manages the appointment and admin can also manage the doctor profile and deploy on render. In this full stack application We integrate the online Razorpay payment gateways so that user can pay the appointment fees online on this website

Admin Panel: Admin can manage website with the help of admin panel we can add the new doctor on website which are list on website and information of doctor's. Admin can manage their update they tracking Appointments so that admin get the all the information about the patients details like Name, Age, Date&Time of Bookings ,doctors, Availablity of doctors etc.

Prescripto live demo here:https://prescripto-bsjg.onrender.com Prescripto Admin & doctor's demo here :https://prescripto-admin-klq6.onrender.com figma file :https://www.figma.com/design/ZLkjwG5ehxNRrC4SUA2WG7/Prescripto---UI-Design?node-id=0-1&t=H9oH3IVxYXBo4r1W-1
